Today, all currencies are fiat. All
currencies are backed by their bankrupt
and corrupt governments promise to
eventually pay back. The monetary system
is a mess. It's a lie. It's just a fake
scheme that allows them to assume
control over the population. Currencies
are trading on foreign exchange markets,
constantly fluctuating. This can be used
as a weapon in this currency war. Time
and time again, governments and
corporations have been caught wrongfully
manipulating the system. And yet, it
still goes on as if nothing has
happened. You came here for the truth.
So, let me unveil that for you. Let's
look at the world's most volatile
currency. Take a guess who you think it
is.
Currencies are very important to look at
because it's multifaceted. We are
looking at currencies being a method of
payment locally in those current in
those countries as well as the fact that
individuals can purchase goods and
services from different countries
leading them to need to exchange those
currencies. Obviously, there's profit to
be made along the way. But what if one
country wanted to have a little bit of
an impact on another country? they can
do so by either purchasing large amounts
of that country's uh you know dollar
denominated debt for example in China
and the
US and they could sell that dollar
denominated debt. This is something that
goes on all the time. They could
manipulate the
prices of any particular currency at any
given time. This is a currency war. It's
going on right now. It's not some sort
of silly conspiracy theory. It's just
status quo business as
usual. To the degree of which though,
that's what changes. Sometimes it is
full boore, straight ahead, uh, full
throttle, and other times it's a little
bit more uh, laid-back. So, let's get
into it a little bit more here. We're
looking right now at a time when risk
appetite is essentially
at what I would call a peak. Let's look
at this. During the dotcom boom, we can
see this over the 1.0 uh marker here.
And then you look at financial crisis
here again. And today we are there
again. What I would say is that, and
I've said it probably 500 times at
least, we are at the financial crisis
part two. The problems we had during the
financial crisis were never solved. And
here we are in the part two of that same
crisis. You're looking at
the, you know,
probably maybe at least several hundred
indicators that I've shown you here on
the channel. This is yet another one.
Risk appetite. Now what I would see is
that individuals as they and this is
done of course on intentionally as they
see less and less opportunity in the
quote unquote safer investments all
paper of course they tend to look for
more risk because they want more return.
That's ultimately the way it works. you
go for junk bonds because they pay a
higher return than uh let's say a
Germany's 30-year bond or 10-year bond
or something. So, you go ahead and
choose something a little bit more
risky. maybe corporate bonds or maybe
you know bonds from other countries
which are not exactly seen as stable or
maybe you want to pick up some stock
that's not exactly uh you know maybe a
small cap stock or something and there's
more risk potentially more reward I get
it and I'm sure you do too that's what's
happening right now unfortunately it has
gone overboard I do believe and we are
seeing that uh this ability to accept
uh risk uh continues to increase and
that is something very dangerous. It
should never have that. There should
always be low. We should be playing it
safe. LRA tur. Oh, by the way, just how
do you play it safe with true diversity?
That means not paper investments, you
know, having a mutual fund and
considering that somehow safe because
that's diversified. Anyway, LRA
turbulence. All right, so we're going to
show you two charts here. Turkish
currency replaces South Africa's rand as
the world's most volatile currency. All
right.
So you're seeing it right here. The
Turkish lera number one for
volatility. Then you look at the South
Africa, Colombia, Mexico, Brazil, and
Russia all having quite volatile
currencies very recently. And you'll see
that this some is something that changes
regularly and rapidly in the next chart.
A different way to show it, maybe a
little bit uh more difficult to see on
your screen here, but essentially what
you're looking at is uh
from the second half of 2015 or uh you
know a little bit later than that. Look
at this red line. You'll see the the
Turkish uh currency. you will see uh the
ruble in this case might be a little
hard to
see sort of declining here the Russian
ruble
ultimately what I'm trying to say is
that these currencies are always
fluctuating what they are today is not
what they are tomorrow and then also
factor in when countries are doing trade
in between each other they sort of have
to anticipate the value of those
currencies over time so let's say they
make a deal. Okay, you're going to pay
me uh a million dollars for your oil um
once a month, a million dollars worth,
and they make this deal for the next 3
years. This is what it's going to be.
But it's hard because they're exchanging
that currency into US dollars and then
purchasing the uh actual real goods. and
they do so with the hope that their
currencies will be worth the same that
they were when they made that deal.
Unfortunately, it's not the way it is
and things change over time. So, it's
important to really realize this how the
foreign exchange markets are volatile
and that brings in more volatility. It's
a self-fulfilling prophecy. It's uh
self-feeding because traders profit off
of volatility. I mean that's where the
business is at. It's not
instability, it's in
volatility. All right, let's quickly uh
move on here as you look at something
else. What they are suggesting this is
not a zero hedge here. um that in fact
if you think of Bitcoin as another
currency you can say that it is even
more volatile with the low at 14 the
high at
93 and uh this is volume whereas uh you
know the low of six and a high of uh 21
it looks like and you could just see the
charts anyway up and down and up and
down you know you if you're investing in
anything whether that's Bitcoin or you
know other various
currencies. It's very crucial to never,
as they say, never put all of your eggs
into one basket. I mean, it's it's not
sound investment advice. You may do that
and that's fine. I think you should do
whatever you feel is best, but for sound
investment advice, it's important to
spread around what you have. Even if all
you had was 10 bucks, well then you
better be putting it into 10 different
things, a dollar each. I know it sounds
a little bit silly, but that's simply
the way it goes. I know many people who
contact me, they don't have much. It's
not like, you know, there's millionaires
out there looking for
advice. It's individuals who
are really trying to prepare and I
really I realize that.
But never try to, you know, get on the
bandwagon, be smart about things, spread
your money around, and have that good
base because what we're about to face is
unfortunately uh something very
detrimental. And those who are best
prepared will do the
best. I want to talk about manipulation.
I want to talk about currencies,
interest rates, and everything else. And
one of the things that rings true to me
is libore. What liebore is is uh
actually the first part about that it's
a lie. London interbank offered rate or
liebore. There was a scandal a few years
ago. I'm sure you followed it. Beginning
in 2012, an international investigation
into Libore revealed a widespread plot
by multiple banks, Deutsch Bank,
Barlays, UBS, Rabbel Bank, and the Royal
Bank of Scotland to
manipulate interest rates. Okay, this is
not me saying this, okay? Remember
that. This is right right from the CFR's
website of all people to
manipulate interest rates for profit
starting as far back as 2003 that they
can prove but of course it's from the
beginning of time. Investigations
continue to implicate major institutions
exposing them to lawsuits and shaking
trust in the global financial system.
interest rates, stock markets, foreign
exchange, bond markets, and every other
market are fake. They just happened to
figure
out that the liebore was being
manipulated.
But I assure
you, you don't have to be a genius to
figure out that all of the rest of them
are the same situation. I mean, come
on. And this came out and they get a
little bit of this, you know, this slap
on the wrist. They burn a few people
along the way. So what? It's happening
today still. I mean, that's the whole
system. It runs off of fraud. It's not
going to be able to change. That's what
worries me about
it. If you don't know about Libore, you
know, I definitely suggest reading into
it. It's it's important because it shows
you what what you know, that little tiny
piece of information that comes out.
Imagine what else we don't
know. And then you see a more recent
information. A trio of former city of
London traders have been charged by
American prosecutors as part of a
long-running probe into the rigging of a
$5.3 trillion a day foreign exchange
market. There they are. So, you know,
these three individuals, it's not they
burn, they always do this. They burn
some low-level people to make them think
that look, it's being taken care of.
Don't worry.
And I just I don't believe it. I'm
sorry. I don't believe that it's ever
the low guys on the totem pole that have
power that have the ability to do this.
It's always the highlevel people who are
giving the orders and uh it's just the
way it goes. Maybe it's done in a smart
way where the highle people can never
get tracked or or mentioned or anything
else, but there we have it. You know,
it's this just goes to show
you how powerful the people at the top
really are. And the scams and the
schemes are going on today. They'll
continue to go on tomorrow. And
ultimately, if we're not going to be
able to stop it in its tracks, we should
be able to at least maybe if not profit
from it, at least do well. Don't be a
victim when this all comes tumbling
down. And just a little bit of fun at
the end here. Um, sad but but fun. Uh,
fish on a treadmill. You heard that
right. $1.5 million worth. Uh, what
you're seeing here at the bottom is in
fact uh what I just said. Believe it or
not, that is a fish on a
treadmill and it's
real. It's ridiculous.
um they did a study basically to see,
you know, what uh how these fish would
react going on the treadmill and they
and they did this study finding that
they required more oxygen ultimately and
you know so on and so
forth. As far as I'm concerned, it's
$1.5
million wasted. And this is called waste
book. I'll leave the uh link here in the
description. is the actual PDF of it
all. The government waste so much money.
This is just one example of that.
There's so many more in here. I just
thought this was hilarious. But at the
same time, I mean, imagine what your
city could have done with $1.5 million.
I mean, you can do so much good with
that, but unfortunately, it's just
squandered every single day of the week.
If you found this video informative,
please give me a thumbs up. If you want
to see Janet yelling in a hot tub, give
me a thumbs
down. Last but not least, if you found
the video informative, I know you'll
find my book, The Money GPS, even more
informative. You know, I've taken this
complicated subject of finance of the
markets, and I've made it really simple.
And the best way that I've done that is
using these charts and even more so the
diagrams that I've drawn up for this
book. So, check it out. You can actually
flip through the book over at Amazon
where they have a look inside feature
that will basically allow you to flip
through it.